1306888181
AddUsernameToUsers	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110510192005_add_username_to_users.rb	class AddUsernameToUsers 
Application	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateProjects	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110512152646_create_projects.rb	class CreateProjects 
CreateStories	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110518023431_create_stories.rb	class CreateStories 
DeviseCreateUsers	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110510191407_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Freeject	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/config/application.rb	module Freeject
HtmlSelectorsHelpers	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/features/support/selectors.rb	module HtmlSelectorsHelpers
NavigationHelpers	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/features/support/paths.rb	module NavigationHelpers
PagesController	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesHelper	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
Project	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectsController	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsHelper	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
StoriesController	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/stories_controller.rb	class StoriesController 
StoriesHelper	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/helpers/stories_helper.rb	module StoriesHelper
Story	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/models/story.rb	class Story 
User	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/models/user.rb	class User 
WithinHelpers	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb	module WithinHelpers
adapt	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/assets/javascripts/adapt.js	function adapt()
after_sign_in_path_for	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def after_sign_in_path_for(resource)
change	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/assets/javascripts/adapt.js	function change(i, width)
change	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110510192005_add_username_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110512152646_create_projects.rb	  def change
change	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110518023431_create_stories.rb	  def change
create	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/stories_controller.rb	  def create
dashboard	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def dashboard
destroy	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110510191407_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def edit
find_project	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/stories_controller.rb	    def find_project
index	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/stories_controller.rb	  def new
path_to	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/features/support/paths.rb	  def path_to(page_name)
react	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/assets/javascripts/adapt.js	function react()
selector_for	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/features/support/selectors.rb	  def selector_for(locator)
show	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def show
up	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/db/migrate/20110510191407_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def update
with_scope	/Users/evan/RailsApps/freeject/features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb	  def with_scope(locator)
